-- INDEX.HTML --

1. Connecting my style sheet css to the page

2. This is the start page

3. This is the game page

4. Connecting my logics- and user interface pages



-- GAMELOGIC.JS --

1. This function is/contains the whole game

2. Here I put stuff I need multiple times

3. This is the "start game"- function, it just fades the pages.
   I make it its own constant because I'll only use it once.

4. Every time you click on the startPage button the following 
   events will run

5. Play game function

6. We need to give the player their options for buttons

7. Now we're getting the player their images

8. Now we're getting the computer's options and for this 
   we are actually generating a random number between 1-3
   that we will then associate to an image (rock, paper or scissors)

9. We only want things to run after we click on one of the buttons, 
   so let's bring them in

10. This variable will be set equal to a random- function
    the random- function by itself only generate a random 
    number between 0-1, therefor we add * 3 to get three 
    options to choose from but the function generates floats
    which we do not need so if when wrapped in parenthesis and 
    put 'math.floor' at the beginning it will convert to integers

11. Computer choice turns the numbers into our rock, 
    paper and scissors choices

12. This is where we call compareHands, the function that 
    declares a winner 

13. This method picks images according to their names

14. Now we need a comparison function so we know who is winning

15. This variable has a function that updates the text

16. This if- statement sets the rules for what happens when there is a time

17. This if- statement sets the rules for when the player chooses rock

18. This if- statement sets the rules for when the player chooses paper

19. This if- statement sets the rules for when the player chooses scissors

20. This executes the inner functions, needs to be commented out when running cypress

21. This executes the game function, needs to be commented out when running cypress



-- STYLE.CSS --

1. This is the Universal selector, it regards all elements

2. This will be for the start page to fade once a game has started